I don't know what advice the adults have?
Who didn't know that General Mato was rewarded here?
If this person is on active duty, it is too vulgar
The nature of a general is bound to be defeated
Then see Minbi Dong's self-transformation
I heard that it is difficult for the people to eat enough
General, you and him discuss calligraphy and painting
Why don't you talk to him?
How to carry a hoe to the ground and things
General Xie doesn't know anything?
Grass people are proficient in painting
This is just a piece of cake with me
How dare you disappoint the princess?
Let the general be bored
Since you are so sure
Don't blame this general for making things difficult for you later
Come on rupee
General Mato is serious
Well, it's no small thing to ask for a dragon pen for this godsend
Since my niece let this untouchable come to the godsend ceremony to paint
Then you might as well play bigger
Long Pu prayed for a blessing and gave him you
General Malamben will only give you one chance
If the dragon pen can't draw anything
The chick can't keep you, do you still want to draw?
Sloppy, you deceive too much.
Of course no problem.
How can I, Ma Liang, have a pen that cannot be used in the world?
Little Weiwei laid the paper for me